Update dashboard guidelines to avoid package names in visualization titles (#14977)
elastic/integrations: docs/extend/dashboard-guidelines.md

## Titles in Visualisations matter [_titles_in_visualisations_matter]

> Titles can have a strong visual impact on dashboards, especially when there are a lot of small charts. Next principles can generally be followed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Titles can have a strong visual impact on dashboards, especially when there are a lot of small charts. The following principles can generally be followed:
```

* Remove unnecessary or repetitive titles when the information is already explained or written within the chart.
* When a title is needed, make it self explanatory and exhaustive. This way, you will be able to remove axis titles and other specifications leaving more space for the chart itself.

> * Do not include the package name as part of each visualization title (e.g., avoid `[<PACKAGE NAME> Logs]`). This was historically done when each visualization was a separate object, but it creates unnecessary repetition in modern dashboard layouts.

Reviewer 2: :+1:
